> [!NOTE]
> This file is autogenerated. Please do not edit.

# Scenario 41

**Complexity:** `low` | **Platforms:** `Kubernetes` | **Tags:** `Deployment, Performance`

## Description

This scenario simulates the OpenTelemetry Demo's `cart` service consuming most of the node's available memory.

## Applications

- [OpenTelemetry Demo (Astronomy Shop)](../../../../applications.md#opentelemetry-demo-astronomy-shop)

## Faults

- [Unassigned Kubernetes Workload Container Resource Limits](../../../../scenarios/sre/docs/faults.md#Unassigned-Kubernetes-Workload-Container-Resource-Limits)
- [Scheduled Chaos Mesh Experiment](../../../../scenarios/sre/docs/faults.md#Scheduled-Chaos-Mesh-Experiment)

## Solution Guides

Below is a noncomprehensive list of step by step guides which can lead to remediating the one or more problems in the scenario.

A **solution** represents the process of fixing an issue created by a fault. To remediate the issues in the scenarios, follow the solutions in order of appearance.

A solution can have multiple **variants**. A variant is a different process of deriving the solution. If multiple variants are presented, pick only one to solve the problem.

### Solution 1

#### Variant 1

1. Annotate the schedule to pause the active experiment.
```shell
kubectl -n chaos-mesh annotate schedule cart-stress-chaos-memory experiment.chaos-mesh.org/pause='true'
```

2. Retrieve the associated experiment managed by the schedule.
```shell
kubectl -n chaos-mesh get stresschaos --selector='experiment.chaos-mesh.org/pause=true'
```

3. Delete the retrieved experiement after it has entered the `Paused` state.

4. Delete the schedule.
```shell
kubectl -n chaos-mesh delete schedule cart-stress-chaos-memory experiment.chaos-mesh.org/pause='true'
```

### Solution 2

#### Variant 1

1. Revert the last change done to the manifest.
```shell
kubectl -n otel-demo rollout undo deployment/cart
```

#### Variant 2

1. Manually edit the manifest and replace the invalid container's resource configuration with the correct value(s).
```shell
kubectl -n otel-demo edit deployment cart
```
