> [!NOTE]
> This file is autogenerated. Please do not edit.

# Scenario 60

**Complexity:** `medium` | **Platforms:** `Kubernetes` | **Tags:** `Code, Deployment, Performance`

## Description

This scenario simulates OpenTelemetry Demo's `recommendation` service crashing due to a malformed ConfigMap and `checkout` service being unable to start due to an unsupported architecture image, testing Kubernetes rolling update resilience without forced restart.

## Applications

- [OpenTelemetry Demo (Astronomy Shop)](../../../../applications.md#opentelemetry-demo-astronomy-shop)

## Faults

- [Crashing Kubernetes Workload Init Container](../../../../scenarios/sre/docs/faults.md#Crashing-Kubernetes-Workload-Init-Container)
- [Unsupported Architecture Kubernetes Workload Container Image](../../../../scenarios/sre/docs/faults.md#Unsupported-Architecture-Kubernetes-Workload-Container-Image)

## Solution Guides

Below is a noncomprehensive list of step by step guides which can lead to remediating the one or more problems in the scenario.

A **solution** represents the process of fixing an issue created by a fault. To remediate the issues in the scenarios, follow the solutions in order of appearance.

A solution can have multiple **variants**. A variant is a different process of deriving the solution. If multiple variants are presented, pick only one to solve the problem.

### Solution 1

#### Variant 1

1. Revert the last change done to the manifest.
```shell
kubectl -n otel-demo rollout undo deployment/recommendation
```

#### Variant 2

1. Manually edit the manifest and replace the script with a functioning one.
```shell
kubectl -n otel-demo edit configmap recommendation-config
```

#### Variant 3

1. Manually edit the manifest and remove the faulty init container.
```shell
kubectl -n otel-demo edit deployment recommendation
```

### Solution 2

#### Variant 1

1. Revert the last change done to the manifest.
```shell
kubectl -n otel-demo rollout undo deployment/checkout
```

#### Variant 2

1. Manually edit the manifest and replace the invalid image with the correct value.
```shell
kubectl -n otel-demo edit deployment checkout
```

#### Variant 3

1. Manually edit the manifest and replace the node selector to allow Kubernetes to schedule the workload on a supported node (if exists).
```shell
kubectl -n otel-demo edit deployment checkout
```
